before we continue let me start by
saying where were we oh right
two days in this movie ain't got enough
oh well okay we're back to doth being
pissed that somebody took mr. buck soda
damn interns and this guy says lord
Vader we cannot seem to find the
Millennium Falcon but there it is so
close so close and yet so far so here
they are like a tick on the butt of the
Empire if ever you can't find a pest you
looking for check yet it's proudly
latched on now so the Empire's like you
go this way and I'll go that way and you
go right I'll go left and maybe we'll
find them stopping for 44 hours big swag
Mountain Dew a bag of Cheetos and a piss
break at Huck's food and fuel it could
work you see these are the private talks
of evil dictators remember y'all inside
every group of scary elitists there's a
lot of dumb correct so Han creates this
elaborate plan and system before the
Empire jumps in to Lightspeed they can
float away with the rest of the garbage
they said it not me and Han it's like oh
did I not tell you I have a friend he's
smooth F and he just so happens to have
a big long blaster pistol and lei is
like I love it when you talk dirty oh
yeah pay no attention to Bubba Fett
creeping up y'all all this fancy
technology and y'all ain't got no
rearview mirrors pickles Becket's Eagles
you know this music video could have
used a few more backup damsels Luke is
like oh my god let's just solve city in
the clouds and yours like now I just
fall spotted and Luke just sit there
like brood yo degrees but for real
though Luke is like will they die ooh
sorry if me up your granola bars did no
but for real though hello people day and
Lando's like you know why I'm sexier
than you
it's the Cape that's it that's why you
ain't as fixes me you ain't never got a
cave dummy and then Lando lookin Leia
like oh hello titties I mean come on
y'all if you had to choose between Han
and Lando who would you choose who and
while Lando puts the smooth on Leia Han
just sit there like
damn it should've all okay and three CPA
will be like wait you ain't let go just
I'm free bility hit my metal boat it
please so to summarize the situation
everyone is hot for Billy Dee including
Billy Dee
wouldn't you be hot for Billy Dee hey I
just got rejected by Billy Dee you look
pretty damn shiny want to hit it
okay q10 oh what's this something shiny
can we just all agree that three CBL
have a little bit of trouble focusing
now we gonna get blowed up
yep boom dum no focus having bit
meanwhile Luke's decided to go back and
help his friends before he's finished
with his training and Yoda and obi-wan
be like look you need to finish the
training and let them bits die if you
want to be powerful you don't have to
learn to be a little bit more selfish
and obi-wan says just remember Luke it's
okay to kill people just don't be angry
when you do it and Luke leaves back at
Lando's crib Leia tells Han she doesn't
trust Lando and Chewbacca is down in a
melting chamber fighting a bunch of
little hairy midgets to get 3c peels
body parts who the real hero here and
then harden be getting jealous because
Leia looking like she won a Lando right
on his Calrissian and it's a big hair is
in time for Honda meet the parents now
I've heard of people not liking their
future in-laws but this is ridiculous
invade it's like come have dinner with
your daddy in law Lando offers an
apology for turning them over to Daddy
Darth and mama fit and hard look at Leia
like and you won't it doe fluff his cape
so Han walks in like I just hope he
likes my pets chewing icon his leg and
piss on his boot balls bear with me and
stare at these white doors for a moment
because this opportunity is too good to
pass up inside there's no mama is saying
doc why don't you read hun your poem you
wrote the most beautiful poem about your
mother and our 3ds my mother by Darth
Vader you gave me life you gave me blue
milk you gave me an emotional attachment
that led me to the dark side
your name was me the equivalent of the
Virgin Mary but you are also a broken
slave and the San people hated you too
selfishly I tried to keep you here while
the sandpeople bee
YouTube it's like an unstoppable rebel
false but I couldn't save you and I
shall see your face Nevermore Nevermore
Nevermore until we meet in oh we gotta
heaven meet the parents rip this off
play and now it's the part where Jax
traps bringing to the lie detector Pam I
love mother [ __ ]
then layer comes in feeling sorry for
what doc did to Han and Hans like no I
promised your father I will keep the
snake in the cage
[Music]
what the hell gonna happen next hunk o
accuse Giulia flushing the toilet he
ain't even got thumbs [ __ ] then Lando
come in and says Vitas agreed to turn
Leia and Chewie over well when you got
as many thoughts as Billy Dee you don't
bother to learn their names as 3cp Oh
knows all too well and then Leia be
calling Han Han we just felt the same
way but I don't understand why they
don't say the same names the same way
every damn time probably because you two
smitten with the Cape to keep her mind
on this here damn Indiana Jones and
Lando be like mater don't even go about
y'all he only cares about his dumb a son
who's probably off somewhere using some
device for smoking marijuana oh look
here comes that dumb mint now and Lando
tells Han that he's getting his freeze
dried so Bubba can take him to job why
is it that all these characters sound
like some feud or a your favorite fast
casual restaurant yes I'll take two
Bobo's of Jabba and a Yoda extra Chewie
and please remember to put extra Kenobi
in the bag and my buddy I'll have the
Lando special that's a foot long way now
on a toasted bun with a colt 45
but then Han sneaks in a little kiss and
lays like who the hell gonna me now and
Han says Lando he's gonna take a big
damn toast to the brown that pop top
Luke gets inside gets the leg humping
from our two and gets into a little
tussle with the soldiers before
conveniently stepping right into the
elevator thingy that takes him upstairs
to Darth Vader's deep freezer and Lando
who refuses to be less than perfect is
like thanks for the help you've been
nice get rayful stick up so they chase
after hand but they don't catch him
because George has one more movie to
make and you want something to happen in
a damn movie don't you okay Tim and Luke
phases is Paul and powers spanking that
until Darth Vader goes ooh and then
falls down his Erb shows up again to
fight buzz and what the [ __ ] kind of
daddy is this beating the [ __ ] out of
his kid smashing his head in wish and
cutting off his damn hand somewhere in
all that Leia Lando and the dog escape
and you can't hear it in this video
because I don't want this getting
claimed but once again Jon Williams
makes this goo fish seem awesome
back here Vader and Sons Luke is like
this John mount and Doc tries to explain
to him that the reason he had to beat is
because he's his daddy and he loves him
and I think Luke taking the news pretty
well but because he's so damn happy with
the news he decides his life is
fulfilled and he falls to his death and
does just sit there like duty
oh Jesus something always got to get in
the way when you trying to off yourself
sometimes it's mr. incredible sometimes
it's just a pin Pole oh my god I can see
the comments now Duty Incredibles
already on the list for do my lovely
bits so then Luke uses his twin
telepathy and says yeah could you come
get my dumb ass this pole wouldn't let
me off myself and now I've changed my
mind
so they all decide they done here and
it's time to blow this gas giant and
better send some Thai fighters and Luke
sits there like Ben won't you tell me I
had a daughter daddy and obi-wan is off
somewhere in Yoda's force fight thinking
because George hadn't thought of that
yet dumb [ __ ] so while Luke wrestles
with his daddy complex everybody goes
their separate ways and Luke gets his
new hand and they all get ready to
rescue Han Han painting on on Ted of
tatted [ __ ] oween Tatooine Twatter titty
or whatever because they ain't none of
these dummies pronounced in the moral of
this story is don't go to a family
reunion
they always in like this the end be sure
to LIKE share and subscribe for regular
fix of meth you can expect me to upload
more videos when I fin can but no later
than June 15th because that's when the
Incredibles 2 comes out and Disney don't
climb my chute to find out more about
Jun's movies I share their precious
information with patrons who contribute
$10 or more link to my patreon is in the
description please consider it I love
you for movies explained for
Oh now if you'll excuse me I'm gonna go
play with my original Lando action
figure what I will do with it or two it
is none of your business